---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snow-v1alpha1_cluster_incident_list Data Source - snow-v1alpha1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# snow-v1alpha1_cluster_incident_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) ClusterIncidentSpec defines the desired state of ClusterIncident (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) ClusterIncidentStatus defines the observed state of ClusterIncident (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) A short description of the Incident generator
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if the incident generator is enabled
- `instance` (List of String) Instances associated with this incident generator
- `sources` (Attributes) Sources for incident generation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources`

Optional:

- `query` (Attributes) Include a query source in this incident generator (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources.query`

Optional:

- `assigned_to` (String) The individual assigned to resolve the incident (references the User table).
- `assignment_group` (String) The group responsible for addressing the incident (references the Group table).
- `auto_resolve` (Boolean) If true this app will automatically resolve the incident when the object is deleted.
- `caller_id` (String) The user who reported the incident (references the User table).
- `category` (String) General category of the incident (e.g., Software, Hardware, Network).
- `close_code` (String) A code indicating how the incident was resolved (e.g., Solved (Workaround), Solved (Permanently)).
- `close_notes` (String) Notes on how the incident was resolved.
- `cmdbci` (String) The Configuration Item (CI) associated with the incident,
linking it to an asset or service in the CMDB (Configuration Management Database).
- `custom_fields` (Attributes List) List of custom fields to add to the incident (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query--custom_fields))
- `description` (String) A detailed description of the issue.
- `fields` (List of String) Fields to include in the subscribe results, which can then be used in the template,
e.g. '.namespace.node.name' or '.namespace.node.srl.interface.name"'.
- `impact` (String) Impact level on the organization, usually from 1 (highest) to 3 (lowest).
- `location` (String) Physical or logical location related to the incident.
- `priority` (String) Numeric priority of the incident, usually from 1 (highest) to 5 (lowest).
- `resolution_code` (String) Indicates the type of resolution applied.
- `short_description` (String) A Go template used to generate a brief summary of the incident
when raising it in service now.
The template can use the fields from the subscription results.
e.g. 'Interface {{.node.srl.interface.name}} is down on node {{.node.name}}'.
- `state` (String) The current status of the incident, typically represented by codes:
  1: New
  2: In Progress
  3: On Hold
  4: Resolved
  6: Closed
- `sub_category` (String) More specific subcategory within the main category.
- `table` (String) EDB table to subscribe to. e.g. '.namespace.node.srl.interface'
- `urgency` (String) Urgency level, typically from 1 (highest) to 5 (lowest).
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the subscribe request, e.g: 'oper-state = down'. You can omit enclosing parentheses.

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query--custom_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources.query.custom_fields`

Optional:

- `name` (String) Custom field name
- `value` (String) Custom field value, a Go template





<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
